Add new version of Rocq Platform 9.0 (#221)
coq/rocq-prover.org: data/releases/2025.08.0.md

---
kind: rocq-platform
version: 2025.08.0
date: 2025-08-06
is_latest: true
is_lts: false
intro: |
  This page describes the Rocq Platform version **2025.08.0**, released on

>   Aug 6th, 2025. Go [here](/releases) for a list of all Coq, Rocq and Platform releases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Jan 29th, 2026. Go [here](/releases) for a list of all Coq, Rocq and Platform releases.
```
